links.markdown, before:

---
layout: default
title: Links
permalink: /links/
---
[⟸ Back to homepage](/)

# Links
Various cool stuff I've found on the Internet

## Neat personal sites
- [Comfitu.re](https://comfitu.re/) (I really like the design of this page)
- [houl@floof](https://houl.floof.company/) (another really nice design)
- [MystSaphyr](https://mystsaphyr.me/) (lovely site, though sadly many of the buttons in their collection aren't working)

## Smolnet resources
- [Cool Capsule of the Week](https://dj-chase.com/documents/cap-of-week/) (a nice way of finding cool Gemini capsules)
- [gemi.dev](gemini://gemi.dev/) `gemini://gemi.dev/` (Gemini news, search, etc.)
- [Floodgap](gopher://floodgap.com/) `gopher://floodgap.com/` (Gopher clients and search functionality)

## Other cool stuff
- [tildeverse](https://tildeverse.org) (Unix computing for all, plus some useful Fedi services)
- [SDF](https://sdf.org) (Similar to tildeverse but older)
- [DRM-Free Guide](https://www.defectivebydesign.org/guide) (buy all your shit without stupid DRM)
- [Global Greens](https://globalgreens.org/) (non-apocalyptic politics)

Commit message:

Add some more links, remove buttons that were affecting performance

links.markdown, after:

---
layout: default
title: Links
permalink: /links/
---
[⟸ Back to homepage](/)

# Links
Various cool stuff I've found on the Internet

## Neat personal sites
- [Comfitu.re](https://comfitu.re/) (I really like the design of this page)
- [houl@floof](https://houl.floof.company/) (another really nice design)
- [MystSaphyr](https://mystsaphyr.me/) (lovely site, though sadly many of the buttons in their collection aren't working)
- [fkfd](https://fkfd.me/) (like xkcd but even more niche, very cool)
- [Mew151](https://mew151.net) (90s Windows, is that you?)

## Smolnet resources
- [Cool Capsule of the Week](https://dj-chase.com/documents/cap-of-week/) (a nice way of finding cool Gemini capsules)
- [gemi.dev](gemini://gemi.dev/) `gemini://gemi.dev/` (Gemini news, search, etc.)
- [Floodgap](gopher://floodgap.com/) `gopher://floodgap.com/` (Gopher clients and search functionality)

## Other cool stuff
- [tildeverse](https://tildeverse.org) (Unix computing for all, plus some useful Fedi services)
- [SDF](https://sdf.org) (Similar to tildeverse but older)
- [DRM-Free Guide](https://www.defectivebydesign.org/guide) (buy all your shit without stupid DRM)
- [Global Greens](https://globalgreens.org/) (non-apocalyptic politics)
